# Others

 - error
 - buffer
 - protocol
   - connect or accept / close
   - send
   - recv

## node.js

 look libuv library implementation

 implemented in c. a traditional unix style implementation.

### Oh factors

 tree.h
 - macro based meta programming
 - generate a red-black tree

 macro expansion trick https://github.com/kerryjiang/SuperSocket.git
 - uv.h
 - UV_ERRORNO_MAP
   - one learned from fast buffer code.
   - smart and handy

 replaceable allocator interface
 - required to debug memory usage
 - required to provide custom allocator
 - functions

### concepts

 uv_loop_t
  - init
  - run
  - close
  - similar roles to asio service

 callbacks:
  - uv_write_cb
  - uv_connect_cb
  - uv_shutdown_cb
  - uv_close_cb
  - ....
  - becomes on() functions in node.js

 uv_stat_t:
  - status block
  - report status with a callback

 async and callback
  - node.js is just about them.

### error

 uv-error.h

 c style. error code based.

### buffer

 write
 - buffers are passed to network directly.
 - no internal handling of the bufs passed in.
https://github.com/kerryjiang/SuperSocket.git
 read
 -

### protocol

#### connect or accept / close

 connection subclassing :
 - uv_handle_t
 - uv_stream_t
 - uv_tcp_t, uv_pipe_t, uv_tty_t

 operations on uv_stream_t:
 - uv_listen( ..., uv_connection_cb cb);
 - uv_accept()
 - uv_read_start()
 - uv_read_stop()
 - uv_write()
 - uv_try_write()


#### send

 uv_write_t:
 - a request
 - calls with uv_buf_t array
 - called back with uv_write_cb

#### recv
 - buffer
 - protocol
   - connect or accept / close
   - send
   - recv

 uv_read_cb:
 - calls with uv_buf_t
 - starts with uv_read_start()

### summary

 communication of libuv works on uv_buf_t and uv_stream_t with callbacks.
 connection of libuv works on uv_handle_t with listen / connect callbacks.

 goal of libuv is to wrap tcp, udp, pipe and tty communication with async processing.

 higher protocols can be implemented with underlying byte communication.

## SuperSocket

 hmm... it is changed direction to use libuv.
